{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lab 2 - 96/100\
	
\f1\b -4 points Q2:
\f0\b0  Failed to keep the highest score. ---OR--- Failed to implement "ANY". (A tweet is 	said to be about a given topic if it contains any of the given topical phrases/keywords.)\
\
Lab 3 - 91/100\
	-
\f1\b 4 points Q1: extract_article: 
\f0\b0 Cleanly separate the article from "noise".\
	
\f1\b -5 points Q3: yelp_search: 
\f0\b0 \'93offset\'94 parameter ignored.\
\
Lab 4 - 100/100\
\
Lab 5 - 100/100\
Lab 5 extra credit - 22/30\
	
\f1\b -8 points Data Cleaning
\f0\b0 \
\
Lab 6 - 100/100\
\
Midterm Lab - 29/90\
	Comments: \
	
\f1\b EDA 1: 9/10
\f0\b0  You did not name the airline with the highest average yearly delay. 			The plot did not help in obtaining this answer.\
	
\f1\b EDA 2: 5/10 
\f0\b0 You are half way there. You needed to determine the worst date to fly out of NYC. \
	
\f1\b EDA 3: 10/10 
\f0\b0 \
	
\f1\b EDA 4: 0/10
\f0\b0  Why did you group by total_delay? You just had to plot the histogram of this 	column. \
	
\f1\b EDA 5: 5/10
\f0\b0  You are half way there. Grouping by dest was the move. Then, you had to 	compute max of arr_delay for each group, and then sort in descending order and get the top 5.\
\
Lab 7 - 20/20\
\
Lab 8 - 100/100\
\
Lab 9 - 100/100\
\
Lab 10 - 100/100\
\
Lab 11 - 99/100\
	
\f1\b -1 point find_closest_centroids:
\f0\b0  Not well vectorized. You can search "vectorize pairwise 	distance" to find a good solution based on ||X-Y||^2 = X^2 - 2XY - Y^2\
\
Lab 12 - 100/100\
\
Final Exam - Grade not released}